next up Guillermo who do we have on the
bold Simon yeah Simon Simon we're here
in the United States I know if you have
that we have a thing called wooly Willy
it's a little magnetic guy and you put
hair on his well never mind all right
Simon are you ready to do this I'm ready
is it gonna be is it okay is this the
strangest thing you've ever done on
vacation it's it mostly just from all
right very good gear motown him down
three two one and
let's look at it in slow motion Simon
let himself fall into the water and yes
he did have a pretty good slap splash
but let's go to the experts down for
their take Aquaman Aquaman gives him a
six Chrissy an eye Oh spritzee your
burlap just rub up against spongebob
he's very absorbent and spongebob with
the four spongebob you realize this
isn't a dating competition right oh yeah
alright let's look how now let's total
up the scores and that's a 19 / Simon
silent I'd
all right you don't enjoy some American
hot dogs and I think we have to our will
this go for one more Dorell Wright okay
Durrell did you see your competition all
right so you know what you have to be
are you ready to do this I am now you
said you you cannot swim correct no I
can't swim I've just never flopped oh
you've never hot water okay all right
well this will be the first time again
try to lead with your stomach that's the
way to go and guillermo counter down
three two one
let's see that
very strong and Aquaman is Aquaman
gizzle seven Chrissy what do you think
Chrissy gives her an 8 Chrissy his
soaking wet is fun mom
why did we bring spongebob into this and
that adds up to what that adds up to 20
all right let's talk I think you got
robbed by SpongeBob I have to say all
right let's tabulate the final scores
and declare a winner with a high score
of 23 Frenchy Frenchy somehow
I think we all know why prenton won this
competition but well enjoy your time
here in the United States thank you to
our competitors and why don't we let the
rest of the whoppers flop throughout the
show as we go all right all right thank
you everybody congratulations Frenchy
thanks for not those fun